Creating a personal website to represent who you are and who you want to be. It is meant to be a place that others can you use to get to know you and see what you have accomplished. It will be multi page website that houses the different parts of you and what matters to you. What pages you decide to add is ultimately up to you. This is meant to show and teach you the basic structure of website creation. 

index.html -> This is your home page. It is the first thing people will see when they visit your website so it is important that you make it something striking and inviting. What this ultimately means is entirely up to you. Ask yourself when people look at me what do I want them to see? What do I want them to think? Your answer to these questions will ultimately decide the direction you will go. However, the great thing about code is that as long as you build a solid foundation and trust in your fundamentals the path you decide on can easily be pivoted away from and take you into a direction that you may have never thought of and may ultimately better align with you you are.

blueprint.html -> This page holds a collection of guiding principles and beliefs to help navigate life and thrive. 

navbar.html -> This file creates a uniform navigation bar on a separate file. Doing so allows you to more easily manage updates and changes to the nav bar thus reducing the need to individually update and change code on every page(file) that contains your nav bar. Instead within each file there will be a javascript code that fetches the content within your nav fil and load it onto your page. 